Read-only diagnostic request — NOT a fix request. No code changes.

Tenant: tnt_01KYS8R54VDRSW6ND3GN2649T0 (created via a real, non-demo signup — the account
holder did NOT click "Continue with Demo" — with the real Solstice Harbor Trading Co. 3-document
test set uploaded: bank statement, AR aging, payroll register).

This tenant is downstream of all 5 policy-gate/ingestion fixes (tickets 1-5, live since PR #368,
#369, #370) plus the ops cleanup tool (PR #371, live as of today). This is the real end-to-end
retest those fixes were meant to produce. Please investigate:

1. TENANCY MODE ANOMALY — highest priority, may explain other findings below.
   The /tenancy endpoint for this tenant/user returns {mode: "demo", linked: true} despite this
   being a genuine non-demo signup. Please check:
   - What determines the `mode` field on the tenancy response — is there a default that's
     incorrectly applying to regular signups, or is this tenant somehow actually flagged/created
     as demo despite the signup flow used?
   - Does "demo" mode trigger any different behavior in ingestion, policy evaluation, obligations
     handling, or data retention/TTL for this tenant that could explain any of the findings below?
   - Pull the tenant's actual row/creation metadata (created_via, kind, sandbox flag — same
     fields checked on prior tenants in this investigation) to confirm whether this tenant is
     really tagged as demo in the DB, not just in this one API response.

2. PROPOSAL STATUS — does ticket 1's fix actually work end-to-end here?
   SELECT type, status, COUNT(*) FROM proposals WHERE tenant_id =
   'tnt_01KYS8R54VDRSW6ND3GN2649T0' GROUP BY type, status;
   Specifically confirm: did the Vantage Point duplicate wire (fraud_anomaly) and the Harbor
   Reserve $50K wire / new-vendor risk (vendor_risk) generate real proposals, and did they land
   as `pending` this time? The UI's Needs Review tab only shows 1 item (a subscription proposal)
   — confirm whether that matches the DB or whether pending fraud/vendor proposals exist but
   aren't surfacing in that UI tab (a different bug from ticket 1 itself).

3. AR/OBLIGATIONS CONFLATION — real bug, not part of the original 5 tickets.
   Asking the Assistant "what's my total outstanding accounts receivable" returned $133,438
   (wrong — should be $64,530) by summing ALL obligations records indiscriminately, including
   payroll net-pay ($33,204, counted twice) and the $2,500 tax remittance. Please find where the
   Assistant's AR-total query/tool pulls from the obligations table and confirm there's no type
   filter distinguishing AR receivables from payroll obligations from tax obligations. Fix
   direction: the query backing "accounts receivable" questions should filter to
   receivable/invoice-type obligations only.

4. RAW JSON LEAKING TO USER — response rendering bug.
   Some Assistant answers render as unformatted {"answer": ..., "evidence_ids": [...]} instead of
   natural language (screenshot: the AR total question returned exactly this raw shape). Find
   where this response type isn't going through whatever normally formats Assistant replies into
   prose, and why it's inconsistent (other questions in the same session got proper natural-
   language answers).

5. GENERIC NON-ANSWER ON RECONCILIATION, GROUNDED IN IRRELEVANT RECORDS.
   "Are there any unreconciled transactions right now?" returned a vague non-answer ("there are
   currently some unreconciled transactions... worth taking a look") grounded in the exact same
   12 obligation IDs that a separate, unrelated AR-total question was also grounded in. This
   suggests retrieval for this question type may not be query-specific — investigate whether the
   reconciliation question is actually running reconciliation-specific logic/grounding or just
   dumping the same generic obligations set regardless of question.

6. 404 ON GROUNDED LEDGER CITATION.
   Clicking the citation link under a grounded Assistant answer (e.g. the Thornebury match
   answer, citation "invoice due 2026-07-17 amount 18600.00000000 USD status=due
   cp=cp_01KYS6AA8VKW3YRVW0K7EHEHGS") leads to a 404 page. Find what URL/route that citation
   link is generating and why it doesn't resolve to a real page.

Report back plainly on each of the 6 items — root cause where you can find one, and clearly flag
anything you can't fully diagnose read-only so we know what needs deeper investigation. Do not
make any code changes — this is confirmation only.